glass shards this is the fucking ice
level you see a is feet it's the most
ridiculous I know it isn't it's just a
pink floyd level yes it's not pink floyd
butter reminds you of him which is good
enough this level i like it's
infuriating but listen to the music look
at the background it's like being in the
90s and taking acid not like I ever did
I'm just saying like you know if you
were to do that this is probably you
listen to maybe what if the pink floyd
laser light show Manhattan I don't know
I'd your business not my buddy
see this is where mr. bones wins and
fails like they didn't have to put
enemies beating the hell out of you this
is sinking because the money's gone up I
like it it sounds like a wise old black
guy tell me what time it isn't shit I
want to him I want to know what time it
would see no was Aurora belly Ellis
whatever the hell you call it in the
background in fucking Alaska whatever
Antarctica
live in time for apple juice in
down my pc so far can see where I
pretend
hey baby i'm in there i think i'm there
right now you don't know what to do
sounds like Dave Chappelle's older
brother and also I feel like he's
describing how fresher in the game is
got my handbag I'm gonna hold up like a
like a lighter at a concert yeah thank
you look at this is awesome I'm like a 6
facing I love anything space related I
don't know why I'm fucking sick in there
like that just uh well who doesn't I
mean space is ridiculous think about
today's for a minute yeah blew your mind
mine too god damn it
ah
like a why I am thoroughly enjoying this
board even though I'm fucking up like
crazy and I can't even give us one jump
the guitars grade on it the graphics are
great on this disk cool this one goes
out
look at that this is a really
good-looking board right here oh we
fucking wild out on that shit Louis your
do thing mr. bones
I would you spun while you did that we
see them in the screen it's like I'm
hitting myself in the face with it wow
wow it's impressive it's like a flip
book I made in the eighth grade right I
was using Jesus's name in vain and
everything she's got to be serious all
right what I got the lead in see this
guy
that's weird it's actually pretty cool
I'm all right with this is just like I
want more direction like I don't know
where the hell to go I mean it's not
just because of the game i mean i'm also
in a complete imbecile ivan i don't know
what I'm doing hey everyone I'm doing
tomorrow what happened to my I feel like
write it down on paper figure it out
like oh yeah that thing brush my teeth
you know I'm not the smartest smartest
guy in the world I just
I like this a lot look at it what yes
Ricky died didn't rain people just don't
know when to recognize
I run across that or jump across that by
that I mean that shit right there i'm
pointing at it with my my mr. bones
electricity skeletal magic thing I'm
gonna I'm gonna run it after that jump
ah nope should jump it ok so this looks
great
the prisoner to blues man I don't know
you
fuck you you want me to get rid of
everything fine you know what it's done